The Razer Ouroboros ambidextrous wireless gaming mouse is a potent weapon packed
with enough lethal features to obliterate the competition.
Designed for gamers who prefer an ambidextrous design, it offers fully customizable
ergonomics and fit for every hand size, big or small, by allowing adjustment of the
arched palm rest and back. Two interchangeable side panels ensure you’re using your
preferred grip-style at all times. Game for hours on end while minimizing fatigue and
maximizing comfort, as your enemies rage-quit from exhaustion.
The Razer Ouroboros features a highly advanced 8200dpi 4G laser sensor with a clutch
trigger to temporarily reduce or increase the DPI as you game, letting you go from high
sensitivity assault to low-sense sniper and back as and when you need. Other sensor
customization features include cut-off to Z-axis tracking and surface calibration.
With this all-in-one ultimate gaming mouse, achieving victory is easy.

0 | For gamers by gamers™

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ................................................ 2
2. REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT ............................................................... 2
3. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS ............................................................................... 3
4. DEVICE LAYOUT .................................................................................................. 4
5. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS ............................................................. 6
6. USING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS .................................................................... 13
7. INSTALLING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS ........................................................... 18
8. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS ....................................................... 19
9. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................ 43
10. LEGALESE........................................................................................................ 45

1 | razer™

1. PACKAGE CONTENTS / SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
PACKAGE CONTENTS
 Razer Ouroboros Elite Gaming Mouse
 4 Interchangeable Side Panels
 Rechargeable NiMH AA Battery
 Charging Dock
 USB Connector Cable
 Quick Start Guide
 Master Guide
 Screwdriver (US model only)

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
 PC or Mac with a free USB 2.0 port
 Windows® 8 /Windows® 7 / Windows Vista® / Windows® XP (32-bit) / Mac OS X
(10.6-10.8)
 Internet connection
 100MB of free hard disk space

2. REGISTRATION / TECHNICAL SUPPORT
REGISTRATION
 Please visit www.razerzone.com/registration for online product registration.

TECHNICAL SUPPORT
What you’ll get:
 2 years limited manufacturer’s warranty.
 Free online technical support at www.razersupport.com.

2 | For gamers by gamers™

3. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
 Customizable ergonomics to fit all hand sizes and grip-styles
 8200dpi 4G Laser Sensor
 Gaming-grade wireless technology with dock
 Razer Synapse 2.0 enabled
 11 programmable Hyperesponse buttons
 1000Hz Ultrapolling
 Up to 200 inches per second / 50g acceleration
 Approximate size: 122mm - 134mm/ 4.80”- 5.39” (Length) x 71mm / 2.80”
(Width) x 42mm / 1.65” (Height)
 Approximate Weight: 147g/0.32lbs
 Battery life: (Approx) 12 hrs (continuous gaming)

3 | razer™

4. DEVICE LAYOUT

A. Left Mouse Button
B. Right Mouse Button
C. Scroll Wheel
D. Sensitivity Stage Up
E. Sensitivity Stage Down
F. Adjustable Palm Rest
and Rear Panel

4 | For gamers by gamers™

G. Mouse Button 7
H. Mouse Button 6
I. Left Trigger
J. Mouse Button 9
K. Mouse Button 10
L. Right Trigger

M. Ultraslick Mouse Feet
N. Left Trigger Switch
O. Right Trigger Switch
P. 8200dpi 4G Laser Sensor
Q. Recliner Wheel*
R. Screwdriver (US model only)
S. Rechargeable NiMH AA Battery

T. USB Connector Cable
U. Interchangeable Side Panels
 Finger Rest Panel
 Finger Grip Panel
V. Charging Dock
W. Pairing Button

*For non-US model, this area is also a Rear Panel adjustment button

5 | razer™

5. SETTING UP YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS
INSERTING THE BATTERY – US MODEL ONLY
1. With the mouse flipped over, turn each screw counter-clockwise.
CAUTION: The screws are not removable and over-tightening them can cause damage to the device.

2. Pull the rear panel to remove it.

3. Slide the battery cover up then pull it back to open.

6 | For gamers by gamers™

4. Insert the battery into the compartment then close the battery cover.

5. Reattach the rear panel onto the mouse.

6. Turn each screw clockwise to lock them into position
CAUTION: The screws are not removable and over-tightening them can cause damage to the device.

7 | razer™

INSERTING THE BATTERY – NON-US MODEL ONLY
1. Press the Rear Panel adjustment button and detach the rear panel.

2. Slide the battery cover up then pull it back to open.

8 | For gamers by gamers™

3. Insert the battery into the compartment then close the battery cover.

4. Reattach the rear panel onto the mouse.

9 | razer™

CHARGING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS

For best results, please charge the battery for 8 hours before using the Razer
Ouroboros for the first time. A completely depleted battery can charge up to 90% in
approximately 4 hours and up to 100% in another 4 hours.
The Razer Ouroboros requires a USB connection that is able to supply sufficient power
during battery charging process. The battery charging process of the Razer Ouroboros
may be affected if connected to a non-powered USB hub or non-powered USB ports
found on certain keyboards and other peripherals.
When not using your Razer Ouroboros’ battery for more than 30 days, be sure to
remove and store the battery in a fully charged state. For extended periods of inactivity
we recommend removing the charged battery from the mouse. This will prevent
damage to the battery due to an overly discharged state. If the mouse has not been
used for more than 30 days, the battery might need to be recharged before usage.

10 | For gamers by gamers™

WIRELESS MODE
1. Connect the USB Connector Cable to the Charging Dock and to your computer.

2. Press the pairing button and hold side mouse buttons 6, 7, 9 and 10 simultaneously.

3. The lights on the mouse and Charging Dock will start flashing to indicate the pairing
process. The mouse is ready for use when the lights on the mouse and the Charging
Dock have stopped blinking.

11 | razer™

4. To charge the mouse in wireless mode, simply place the device on the Charging
Dock.

WIRED/CHARGING MODE
Connect the USB Connector Cable to the mouse and to your computer.

The mouse should now be ready for use and the battery will automatically start
recharging.

12 | For gamers by gamers™

6. USING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS
Press and hold these buttons together for 3 seconds to turn On or 5 seconds to turn
OFF.

ADJUSTING THE PALM REST
Use the Recliner Wheel to tilt the palm rest higher / lower. Rotate the wheel
counterclockwise to lower the palm rest. Rotate the wheel clockwise to raise the palm
rest.

13 | razer™

CHANGING THE SIDE PANELS
Carefully remove and attach the interchangeable side panels using the magnetic holes
as a guide.

DISABLING THE SIDE TRIGGERS
Manually lock the side triggers by moving their corresponding switches downwards.

14 | For gamers by gamers™

EXTENDING THE REAR PANEL – US MODEL ONLY
1. With the mouse flipped over, turn each screw counter-clockwise.
CAUTION: The screws are not removable and over-tightening them can cause damage to the device.

2. Set your desired length using the guide underneath the mouse.

3. Turn each screw clockwise to lock them into position.

15 | razer™

EXTENDING THE REAR PANEL – NON-US MODEL ONLY
1. Press and hold the Rear Panel adjustment button to unlock.
2. Slide the rear panel horizontally to adjust.
3. Release the Rear Panel adjustment button to lock the panel into position.

16 | For gamers by gamers™

BATTERY LIFE INDICATOR BEHAVIOR

17 | razer™

7. INSTALLING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS

Note: You may skip Steps 2-4 if you already have Razer Synapse 2.0 installed with an existing account.

Step 1: Plug the Razer Ouroboros into the USB port of your computer.
Step 2: Download the Razer Synapse 2.0 installer from www.razerzone.com/synapse2.
Step 3: Run the installer and follow the onscreen instructions.
Step 4: Register for a Razer Synapse 2.0 account and confirm your new account.
Step 5: Open Razer Synapse 2.0 and log in to your account.
Step 6: Wait until the software automatically downloads and installs.

18 | For gamers by gamers™

8. CONFIGURING YOUR RAZER OUROBOROS
Disclaimer: The features listed here require you to log in to Razer Synapse 2.0. These features are also subject
to change based on the current software version and your Operating System.

MOUSE TAB
The Mouse Tab is your default tab when you first install Razer Synapse 2.0. This tab
allows you to customize your device’s profiles, button assignments, performance and
lighting.

19 | razer™

Profile
A profile is a convenient way of organizing all your custom settings and you can have an
infinite number of profiles at your disposal. Any changes made within each tab are
automatically saved to the current profile and stored into the cloud servers.

You can create a new profile by clicking the
profile by clicking the
and Export profiles.

button. The

button or delete the current
button allows you to Copy, Import,

Your current profile by default is named “Profile” however; you can rename it by typing
on the text field below PROFILE NAME.
Each profile can be set to FN + 0 - 9 using the SHORTCUT dropdown menu for fast
profile switching. Each profile can also be set to automatically activate when you run a
program or application through the use of the LINK PROGRAM option.

20 | For gamers by gamers™

CUSTOMIZE TAB
The Customize Tab is where you can modify the basic functionalities of your device
such as button assignments to suit your gaming needs. The changes made in this tab
are automatically saved to your current profile.
Top View
The Top View is where you can customize the 5 basic mouse buttons and the mouse
wheel.

21 | razer™

Left Side / Right Side View
The two views allow you to customize the side buttons of your mouse.

22 | For gamers by gamers™

BUTTON ASSIGNMENT MENU
Initially, each of the mouse buttons is set to DEFAULT. However, you may change the
function of these buttons by clicking the desired button to access the BUTTON
ASSIGNMENT Menu.

Listed below are the customization options and their descriptions.

Default
This option enables you to return the key to its original function. To choose the
DEFAULT, simply select it from the BUTTON ASSIGNMENT Menu.

Keyboard Function
This option enables you to change the mouse buttons into keyboard functions. To
choose a keyboard function, select KEYBOARD FUNCTION from the BUTTON
ASSIGNMENT Menu and enter the key you wish to use on the given field below. You
may also include modifier keys such as Ctrl, Shift, Alt or any of these combinations.

23 | razer™

Mouse Function
This option allows you to change the mouse buttons into other mouse functions. To
choose a mouse function, select MOUSE FUNCTION from the BUTTON ASSIGNMENT
Menu and an ASSIGN BUTTON submenu will appear.
Listed below are the functions which you can choose from the Assign Button submenu:
Left Click
Right Click
Scroll Click
Double Click
Mouse Button 4
Mouse Button 5
Scroll Up
Scroll Down

- Performs a left mouse click using the assigned button.
- Performs a right mouse click using the assigned button.
- Activates the universal scrolling function.
- Performs a double left click using the assigned button.
- Performs a “Backward” command for most internet browsers.
- Performs a “Forward” command for most internet browsers.
- Performs a “Scroll Up” command using the assigned button.
- Performs a “Scroll Down” command using the assigned button.

24 | For gamers by gamers™

Sensitivity
Sensitivity refers to how fast the mouse pointer can travel across the screen. When you
select the Sensitivity function from the BUTTON ASSIGNMENT Menu, a sub-menu will
appear which gives you access to the following options:
Sensitivity Clutch

Sensitivity Stage Up

Sensitivity Stage Down

On-The-Fly Sensitivity

Cycle Up Sensitivity Stages

Cycle Down Sensitivity Stages

25 | razer™

- Change to a predefined sensitivity as long as the
designated button is pressed. Releasing the button
will return it to the previous sensitivity.
- Increase the current sensitivity by one stage. See
the PERFORMANCE TAB to learn more about
sensitivity stages.
- Decrease the current sensitivity by one stage. See
the PERFORMANCE TAB to learn more about
sensitivity stages.
- Readily adjust the current sensitivity using the
assigned button. If On‐The‐Fly Sensitivity has been
set, pressing the designated button and moving the
scroll wheel will produce a bar on your screen which
would indicate your current sensitivity level.
- Increase the current sensitivity stage by one and
once it reaches the highest sensitivity stage, it will
return to stage 1 when the button is pressed again.
See the PERFORMANCE TAB to learn more about
sensitivity stages.
- Decrease the current sensitivity stage by one and
once it reaches stage 1, it will return to the highest
sensitivity stage when the button is pressed again.
See the PERFORMANCE TAB to learn more about
sensitivity stages.

Inter-device
Inter-device allows you to change the functionality of other Razer Synapse 2.0-enabled
devices. Some of these functionalities are device-specific such as using your Razer
gaming keyboard to change the Sensitivity Stage of your Razer gaming mouse. When
you select Inter-device from the Button Assignment Menu, a sub-menu will appear.
DEVICE TO LINK allows you to choose which currently connected Razer device can be
linked while FUNCTION allows you to choose which functionality you want to use for
the linked device.

Macro
A Macro is a prerecorded sequence of keystrokes and button presses that is executed
with precise timing. By assigning a Macro to a button, you can execute complex
combinations with ease. The ASSIGN MACRO allows you to choose which recorded
Macro to use while the PLAYBACK OPTION enables you to choose the behavior of the
Macro. See the MACROS TAB to learn more about creating Macro commands.

Switch Profile
The Switch Profile enables you to change profiles on the fly and immediately load all
your pre-configured settings. When you select Switch Profile from the BUTTON
ASSIGNMENT Menu, a sub-menu will appear that will allow you to choose which profile
to use. An on-screen display will automatically appear whenever you switch profiles.

Launch Program
The Launch Program allows you to run a program using the assigned button. When you
select Launch Program from the BUTTON ASSIGNMENT Menu, a
button will appear
which allows you to search for the specific program you want to use.

26 | For gamers by gamers™

Multimedia Function
This option allows you to bind multimedia playback controls to your device. After
selecting Multimedia Function, a submenu will appear. Listed below are the multimedia
playback controls you can choose from the submenu:
Volume Down
Volume Up
Mute Volume
Mic Volume Up
Mic Volume Down
Mute Mic
Mute All
Play / Pause
Previous Track
Next Track

- Decreases the audio output.
- Increases the audio output.
- Mutes the audio.
- Increases the microphone volume.
- Decreases the microphone volume.
- Mutes the microphone.
- Mute both microphone and audio output.
- Play, pause, or resume playback of the current media.
- Play the previous track.
- Play the next track.

Disable
This option renders the assigned button unusable. Use Disable when you have no need
for a button or if a particular button interferes with your gaming.

27 | razer™

PERFORMANCE TAB
The Performance Tab allows you to enhance the speed and precision of your mouse
pointer. Similar to the Customize Tab, the changes made here are automatically saved
to your current profile.

Listed below are the performance options and their descriptions.
Sensitivity
Sensitivity pertains to how much effort is needed to move the mouse pointer in any
direction. The higher the sensitivity, the more responsive the mouse will be.
(Recommended setting: 1600 – 1800)

28 | For gamers by gamers™

Enable X-Y Sensitivity
By default, the X-axis (horizontal) and Y-axis (vertical) use the same sensitivity values.
However, you may set different sensitivity values to each of the axes by selecting the
ENABLE X-Y SENSITIVITY option.
Configure Sensitivity Stages
A sensitivity stage is a preset sensitivity value. You can create up to 5 different
sensitivity stages which you can cycle through using the sensitivity stage up/down
buttons. You may use the ENABLE X-Y SENSITIVITY concurrently with this option.
Acceleration
Acceleration increases the cursor’s movement speed depending on how quickly you
move the mouse. The higher the value, the faster the mouse accelerates.
(Recommended settings: Windows 0, Mac 5)
Polling Rate
The higher the polling rate, the more often the computer receives information about
the status of your mouse, thus increasing the mouse pointer’s reaction time. You can
switch between 125Hz (8ms), 500Hz (2ms) and 1000Hz (1ms) by selecting your desired
polling rate on the dropdown menu. (Recommended setting: 500Hz – 1000Hz)

29 | razer™

LIGHTING TAB
The Lighting Tab allows you to configure the LEDs on your Razer Ouroboros. You can
set the lighting to Off, Dim, Normal or Bright when the device is in wired mode or
wireless mode using their respective sliders. Similar to the previous tabs, the changes
made here are also automatically saved to your current profile.

30 | For gamers by gamers™

CALIBRATION TAB
The Calibration Tab allows you to optimize the mouse’s sensor to any mousing surface
for better tracking. To use this feature, you must select the ON option under SURFACE
CALIBRATION.

The LIFTOFF RANGE allows you to set the distance in which the sensor stops tracking as
it is being lifted away from the mousing surface. To use this feature, you must first
activate SURFACE CALIBRATION then choose an appropriate mousing surface.

31 | razer™

Once you have activated the SURFACE CALIBRATION option, you must then choose the
appropriate mousing surface you are currently using.

32 | For gamers by gamers™

Razer Mouse Mats
The Razer Ouroboros is ‘tuned’ or optimized especially for Razer mouse mats. This
means that the sensor has been tested extensively to confirm that the Razer Ouroboros
reads and tracks best when paired with Razer mouse mats.
If you are using a Razer mouse mat, click the
button to access
the Razer Mats submenu. This menu showcases an extensive list of Razer-branded
mouse mats. Select the appropriate mouse mat from the list; then choose between
SPEED or CONTROL if applicable.

If you wish to learn more about a particular mouse mat or if you wish to purchase a
Razer mouse mat, you may do so by clicking the

33 | razer™

button.

Other Mousing Surfaces
If you are using a non-Razer mouse mat or a non-standard mousing surface, select
OTHERS then click the
submenu.

34 | For gamers by gamers™

button to access the manual calibration

This submenu enables you to manually adjust the mouse’s sensor to suit any mousing
surface.

To begin calibrating the sensor, click the
button. After clicking the
button, Razer Synapse 2.0 will begin tuning the sensor. Please avoid moving the Razer
Ouroboros during this time.

35 | razer™

Once the mouse is ready, press and hold the left mouse button then move the mouse
across your entire mousing surface in a zigzag pattern as shown on the screen guide.

When you have moved across your entire mousing surface, release the left mouse
button. This will bring you back to the manual calibration submenu which contains new
information regarding your mousing surface.
There are also other options available in this section such as adding a new mouse mat
setting by clicking the

button, deleting the currently selected mouse mat

setting by clicking the

button or duplicating the currently selected mouse mat

setting by clicking the

button.

36 | For gamers by gamers™

POWER TAB
The Power Tab allows you to manage your device’s energy consumption when running
on batteries. You can also set your device to enter sleep mode when it has been idle for
a certain amount of time. The Power Tab also allows you to be notified when the
device’s power is at a certain level.

37 | razer™

MACROS TAB
The Macros Tab allows you to create a series of precise keystrokes and button presses.
This tab also allows you to have numerous macros and extremely long macro
commands at your disposal.

The Macro section works similarly to Profile wherein you can rename a macro by typing
on the field below MACRO NAME. There are also other options available in the macro
section such as creating a new macro by clicking the
current macro by clicking the
clicking the

button, deleting the

button or duplicating the current macro by

button.

To create a macro command, simply click the
button and all your
keystrokes and button presses will automatically register on the macro screen. When
you are done recording your macro commands, click on the
the session.

38 | For gamers by gamers™

button to end

The Macro section allows you to input the delay in-between commands. In RECORD
DELAY the delay in-between commands are registered as how it is entered. The
DEFAULT DELAY uses a predefined time (expressed in seconds) as the delay. And NO
DELAY omits all the pauses in-between keystrokes and button presses.

Note: You may use up to three decimal places when inserting values on the seconds (sec) field.

39 | razer™

Once you have recorded a macro, you may edit the commands you have entered by
selecting each command on the macro screen. Each keystroke or button press is
arranged sequentially with the first command shown at the top of the screen.

The

button allows you to edit a particular command and the

enables you to delete a command. The
option to move the command up or down.

and

button

buttons gives you the

The
button allows you to put in additional keystrokes, button presses or time
delays either before or after the selected command.

40 | For gamers by gamers™

Once you have pressed the
button, a new display window will appear beside
the list of macro commands. The dropdown menu on this window allows you to choose
a keystroke or a delay to be added in before or after the highlighted macro command.

41 | razer™

You may add in a new set of macro commands by clicking the
button on the
keystroke menu; or input time delays on the duration field using the delay menu.

42 | For gamers by gamers™

9. SAFETY AND MAINTENANCE
SAFETY GUIDELINES
In order to achieve maximum safety while using your Razer Ouroboros, we suggest that
you adopt the following guidelines:
1. Avoid looking directly at the tracking beam of your mouse or pointing the beam
in anyone else’s eye. Note that the tracking beam is NOT visible to the naked
human eye and is set on an Always-On mode.
2. Should you have trouble operating the device properly and troubleshooting does
not work, unplug the device and contact the Razer hotline or go to
www.razersupport.com for support. Do not attempt to service or fix the device
yourself at any time.
3. Do not take apart the device (doing so will void your warranty) and do not
attempt to operate it under abnormal current loads.
4. Keep the device away from liquid, humidity or moisture. Operate the device only
within the specific temperature range of 0°C (32°F) to 40°C (104°F). Should the
temperature exceed this range, unplug and switch off the device in order to let
the temperature stabilize to an optimal level.

COMFORT
Research has shown that long periods of repetitive motion, improper positioning of
your computer peripherals, incorrect body position, and poor habits may be associated
with physical discomfort and injury to nerves, tendons, and muscles. Below are some
guidelines to avoid injury and ensure optimum comfort while using your Razer
Ouroboros.
1. Position your keyboard and monitor directly in front of you with your mouse
next to it. Place your elbows next to your side, not too far away and your mouse
within easy reach.

43 | razer™

2. Adjust the height of your chair and table so that the keyboard and mouse are at
or below elbow height.
3. Keep your feet well supported, posture straight and your shoulders relaxed.
4. During gameplay, relax your wrist and keep it straight. If you do the same tasks
with your hands repeatedly, try not to bend, extend or twist your hands for long
periods.
5. Do not rest your wrists on hard surfaces for long periods. Use a wrist rest to
support your wrist while gaming.
6. Customize the buttons on your mouse to suit your style of gaming in order to
minimize repetitive or awkward motions while gaming.
7. Make sure that your mouse fits comfortably in your hands.
8. Do not sit in the same position all day. Get up, step away from your desk and do
exercises to stretch your arms, shoulders, neck and legs.
9. If you should experience any physical discomfort while using your mouse, such as
pain, numbness, or tingling in your hands, wrists, elbows, shoulders, neck or
back, please consult a qualified medical doctor immediately.

MAINTENANCE AND USE
The Razer Ouroboros requires minimum maintenance to keep it in optimum condition.
Once a month we recommend you unplug the device from the USB port and clean it
using a soft cloth or cotton swab with a bit of warm water to prevent dirt buildup. Do
not use soap or harsh cleaning agents.

44 | For gamers by gamers™

10. LEGALESE
COPYRIGHT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFORMATION
Copyright © 2012 Razer Inc. All rights reserved. Razer, For Gamers By Gamers, and the
triple-headed snake logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Razer Inc. and/or
affiliated companies in the United States or other countries. Windows and the
Windows logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies. Mac OS, Mac and
the Mac logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Apple. All other trademarks
are the property of their respective owners.
Razer Inc (“Razer”) may have copyright, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, patent
applications, or other intellectual property rights (whether registered or unregistered)
concerning the product in this Master Guide. Furnishing of this Master Guide does not
give you a license to any such copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual
property right. The Razer Ouroboros (the “Product”) may differ from pictures whether
on packaging or otherwise. Razer assumes no responsibility for such differences or for
any errors that may appear. Information contained herein is subject to change without
notice.
LIMITED PRODUCT WARRANTY
For the latest and current terms of the Limited Product Warranty, please visit
www.razerzone.com/warranty.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Razer shall in no event be liable for any lost profits, loss of information or data, special,
incidental, indirect, punitive or consequential or incidental damages, arising in any way
out of distribution of, sale of, resale of, use of, or inability to use the Product. In no
event shall Razer’s liability exceed the retail purchase price of the Product.
COSTS OF PROCUREMENT
For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will Razer be liable for any costs of
procurement unless it has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and in no
case shall Razer be liable for any costs of procurement liability exceeding the retail
purchase price of the Product.

45 | razer™

GENERAL
These terms shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the jurisdiction in
which the Product was purchased. If any term herein is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, then such term (in so far as it is invalid or unenforceable) shall be given
no effect and deemed to be excluded without invalidating any of the remaining terms.
Razer reserves the right to amend any term at any time without notice.

46 | For gamers by gamers™

